gNMI-1.17: Correct grammar and give more useful subtest names. (#4704)
openconfig/featureprofiles: feature/platform/controllercard/tests/controller_card_redundancy_test/README.md

* store list of present components of CONTROLLER_CARD type

### Test 2: Perform Supervisor Switchover

* Verify that all controller_cards have `switchover-ready=TRUE`
* Collect and store `redundant-role` for each controller_card as "previous-role"
* Initiate controller-card switchover
* Try periodicaly (60 sec interval)  get `state/redundant-role` and `state/switchover-ready` of both CONTROLLER_CARDS  until the test has sucesfully received a response, but no longer then 20 min.
  * Collect `redundant-role` for each controller_card. Compare it with "previous-role"
    * for controller_card of **current** "PRIMARY" role, **previous** role must be "SECONDARY"
    * for controller_card of **current** "SECONDARY" role, **previous** role must be "PRIMARY"

> * Periodically retrieve `state/switchover-ready` until (`switchover-ready=TRUE` on all controller_cards OR `last-switchover-time` is moret then 20min ago)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Periodically retrieve `state/switchover-ready` until (`switchover-ready=TRUE` on all controller_cards OR `last-switchover-time` is more than 20min ago)
```
